The Dutch rail infrastructure operator has defended its controversial "fashion line" featuring replicas of torn clothing worn by those killed and injured in railway accidents.

ProRail launched "Victim Fashion" to encourage young people to be safer around railway lines.

The campaign has faced backlash, with the Dutch infrastructure secretary saying it went too far.

But ProRail told the BBC it was "necessary" amid rising fatalities.

It says the number of people killed on and around railways has almost tripled since 2016, with 17 fatalities recorded last year.
What is the campaign?

The "fashion line" features torn jackets, shirts, dresses and other items of clothing and is being promoted under the slogan "Victim Fashion, made by accident".

The pieces are accompanied online by descriptions of what happened to the person wearing them.
An image of a scuffed trainer has a caption explaining that 14-year-old was reaching out for a phone she dropped on the track when the train hit. Now almost 15, she is still in a coma.

An orange dress was worn by a 15-year-old girl who followed her friends across the track while the barriers were closed and didn't see the train coming.
What criticism has there been?

Dutch infrastructure secretary Stientje van Veldhoven said the campaign was "unnecessarily severe", while the head of Dutch rail operator NS Marjan Rintel said it was important but not the right approach.

"I have expressed our surprise, displeasure and horror to the management of ProRail," she said.

One train driver wrote on social media that the campaign had brought back memories of collisions.

"Wow, just wow. I've spent the past six months seeing a psychologist after my last collision and thought I was over it. Big mistake. Thanks very much," the train driver wrote.

People claiming to be survivors of accidents have also hit out at the campaign.
What does Dutch rail say?

ProRail spokesperson Jaap Eikelboom said the "confronting campaign" was working.

He told the BBC that ProRail spent around a year planning the action and knew it was going to be divisive.

"If you do a confronting campaign there are always people who find it negative and positive," he said.

"We think the campaign is working because people are discussing it. If we don't confront people with these kinds of pictures it's going to keep happening."

Virtual reality (VR) is an interactive computer-generated experience taking place within a simulated environment. It incorporates mainly auditory and visual feedback, but may also allow other types of sensory feedback. This immersive environment can be similar to the real world or it can be fantastical.

Current VR technology most commonly uses virtual reality headsets or multi-projected environments, sometimes in combination with physical environments or props, to generate realistic images, sounds and other sensations that simulate a user's physical presence in a virtual or imaginary environment.
A person using virtual reality equipment is able to "look around" the artificial world, move around in it, and interact with virtual features or items. The effect is commonly created by VR headsets consisting of a head-mounted display with a small screen in front of the eyes, but can also be created through specially designed rooms with multiple large screens.
Other forms of VR include augmented reality and mixed reality systems.

VR systems that include transmission of vibrations and other sensations to the user through a controller or other devices are known as haptic systems. This tactile information is generally known as force feedback in medical, video gaming, and military training applications. 
One method by which virtual reality can be realized is simulation-based virtual reality. Driving simulators, for example, give the driver on board the impression of actually driving an actual vehicle by predicting vehicular motion caused by driver input and feeding back corresponding visual, motion and audio cues to the driver.

With avatar image-based virtual reality, people can join the virtual environment in the form of real video as well as an avatar. One can participate in the 3D distributed virtual environment as form of either a conventional avatar or a real video. A user can select own type of participation based on the system capability.

In projector-based virtual reality, modeling of the real environment plays a vital role in various virtual reality applications, such as robot navigation, construction modeling, and airplane simulation. Image-based virtual reality system has been gaining popularity in computer graphics and computer vision communities.
In generating realistic models, it is essential to accurately register acquired 3D data; usually, camera is used for modeling small objects at a short distance.

Desktop-based virtual reality involves displaying a 3D virtual world on a regular desktop display without use of any specialized positional tracking equipment.
Many modern first-person video games can be used as an example, using various triggers, responsive characters, and other such interactive devices to make the user feel as though they are in a virtual world. A common criticism of this form of immersion is that there is no sense of peripheral vision, limiting the user's ability to know what is happening around them.
Rock music is a broad genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the early 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and in the United States.[1][2] It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll, a style which drew heavily on the genres of blues, rhythm and blues, and from country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical styles. Musically, rock has centered on the electric guitar, usually as part of a rock group with electric bass, drums, and one or more singers. Usually, rock is song-based music usually with a 4/4 time signature using a verse–chorus form, but the genre has become extremely diverse. Like pop music, lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political.

By the late 1960s "classic rock" period, a number of distinct rock music subgenres had emerged, including hybrids like blues rock, folk rock, country rock, southern rock, raga rock, and jazz-rock, many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock, which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic and hippie scene. New genres that emerged included progressive rock, which extended the artistic elements; glam rock, which highlighted showmanship and visual style; and the diverse and enduring subgenre of heavy metal, which emphasized volume, power, and speed. In the second half of the 1970s, punk rock reacted by producing stripped-down, energetic social and political critiques. Punk was an influence in the 1980s on new wave, post-punk and eventually alternative rock. From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break into the mainstream in the form of grunge, Britpop, and indie rock. Further fusion subgenres have since emerged, including pop punk, electronic rock, rap rock, and rap metal, as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock's history, including the garage rock/post-punk and techno-pop revivals at the beginning of the 2000s.

Rock music has also embodied and served as the vehicle for cultural and social movements, leading to major subcultures including mods and rockers in the UK and the hippie counterculture that spread out from San Francisco in the US in the 1960s. Similarly, 1970s punk culture spawned the goth, punk, and emo subcultures. Inheriting the folk tradition of the protest song, rock music has been associated with political activism as well as changes in social attitudes to race, sex and drug use, and is often seen as an expression of youth revolt against adult consumerism and conformity.
She heard the voices change in response to the shimmering, becoming more melodic, and to the grunge, becoming more gruff, and worked with these tendencies.
I wonder why, for example, a separate chapter is not provided for grunge, rather than it being incorporated within punk rock?
Had this book been written, say five or more years ago, grunge would surely have claimed its own chapter!
Given that this book is particularly aimed towards students on popular music courses, for many current undergraduates, grunge remains a formative musical influence.
They brought back the rebellious feel and the aggressiveness lost by the grunge and alternative music movement.
It careens from blues to goth to grunge, often in the space of a single song.
The album mainly seems to be a fusion of new wave and grunge, but also has cultural influences.
The album has a raw sound and style (mostly heavy metal and grunge).
The venue features a variety of musical acts in the rap, electronic, heavy metal, rock, and grunge genres.
Allmusic calls grunge a hybrid of heavy metal and punk.
Although associated with hard rock, the band's sound incorporated some elements of grunge music.
The band's trademark sound was created by blending 1970s hard rock with 1990s grunge.
His high school hobby was playing electric guitar in a grunge garage band.
The channel aired a variety of genres, including punk, metal, and grunge.
After the early 1990s they fell out of the mainstream with the birth of grunge rock and baggy jeans.

We are a group of students from the Master in Digital Humanities of the Karl-Franzens-University of Graz, who attended the seminar module "3D Reproductions in Cultural Heritage" (led by Ass. Prof. Chiara Zuanni). The objective of the module was to reflect upon the possibilities of 3D reproductions and their usefulness in the context of museum exhibitions and museology in general.

We were introduced to the creation of 3D reproductions of cultural artifacts, and the increasing importance that this practice, alongside technological innovations, e.g., in the field of virtual reality, can have for the fields of Museology and Archaeology, and for the preservation of cultural heritage. First, a theoretical introduction to 3D reproductions covered some considerations on the questions of authenticity that pertain to this field, as well as the possible ethical implications that have to be taken into consideration when doing this kind of work. Subsequently, we used photogrammetry, i.e., the reproduction of a model from a series of photographs, in order to create 3D models of selected cultural heritage objects. In this post, we aim to give a very brief impression of the first attempts at 3D modelling by a group of complete novices in this field. Finally, we uploaded our models to Sketchfab and designed a small videogame including these models, in order to experiment with the dissemination of 3D reproductions and experiment with different engagement strategies.
Our step by step process of creating the 3D Models

Our work focused on casts of ancient sculptures displayed in the Gipsmuseum of the Archeology Department at the University of Graz. This museum was founded in 1865 and it exhibits casts of the most significant sculptures of Classical Antiquity, as well as a remarkable ceramic collection. We used Agisoft Photoscan to produce our models.

Taking Photos

Organised into several two-person teams, with one student responsible for taking the photos and the other for monitoring the process, we spread out in the galleries to choose the objects for our 3D models. Each team took photos of 2 to 3 objects, the minimum number of photos that should be taken for each object being 30.

At this point, it is important to note that more photos do not necessarily translate into a better quality of the 3D model. This does not mean that one should aim for a small number of photos, but rather that working precisely on each photo, paying attention to the lighting and the coverage of the object, has more impact on the outcome than a big number of photos taken. For a satisfying result, it is absolutely necessary to capture the object from every possible angle and these photos should overlap to a certain degree. If the object is not completely recorded or the overlapping degree of the photos is not appropriate, the photogrammetry software might interpret missing parts as holes in the finished 3D model. In addition, photos should obviously be in focus and, since we worked without a rotating table and markers, we had to make sure that the object was not moved or rotated while taking the photos.

As a side note it should be mentioned that the background can be masked in the photogrammetry software, which meant that there was no need to worry about it while taking the photos.